Discussion Thread: 2022 Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, and Texas (Runoffs) Primaries
Cleaver introduces bill to withhold Congressional pay after mass shootings
Lauren Boebert Ripped For Inane Pro-Gun Take: 'We Didn’t Ban Planes' After 9/11. By accident, the Colorado GOP congresswoman basically argued in favor of background checks.
Texas Democrat Demands Federal Probe of Police Response to Uvalde Shooting
O’Rourke to attend protest outside Houston NRA conference
Mitch McConnell Shows Interest In Passing Gun Reform, An Act He'll Undoubtedly Follow Up By Doing Jack S--t | The Senate minority leader has an extensive track record of blocking gun control legislation, including after school shootings.
"Let Beto Speak": Texans Desperately Need an Alternative to NRA Republicans
Biden is reportedly planning to cancel $10,000 in student debt for borrowers making under $150,000
Liz Cheney officially files for re-election as Trump struggles to take out enemies
'This Is Bullsh*t': Instead of Canceling, Abbott Will Deliver Video Speech to NRA
Michigan Board Disqualifies 5 GOP Gov Candidates Over Invalid Signatures
Supreme Court Is About To Erase More Gun Laws - Now Would Be A Good Time To Leak That Draft Opinion
Pelosi: Why doesn’t Catholic Church punish death penalty supporters?
House Dem introduces bill calling to withhold pay for Congress after mass shootings
Pastor tells city council that gay people should be slaughtered | The hateful preacher demanded that the city shouldn't honor Pride month. Instead, he tried to get public officials to agree to execute gay people.
Ron Johnson deletes tweet showing he used taxpayer money to travel to his Florida vacation home
Maker of rifle in Texas massacre is deep-pocketed GOP donor
The NRA Is Pouring Millions Into Blocking Gun Violence Prevention
‘We’re Marching Again’: March for Our Lives Plans National Protest After Texas School Shooting
Students nationwide walk out of classes to protest inaction on guns by government
Judge dismisses Trump lawsuit that aimed to stop New York Attorney General from investigating him
The Science Is Clear: Gun Control Saves Lives | By enacting simple laws that make guns safer and harder to get, we can prevent killings like the ones in Uvalde and Buffalo
Republicans heading to NRA convention expose hypocrisy of blaming Democrats for politicizing mass shootings
Ted Cruz walks away from a reporter who asked why the U.S. has so many mass shootings
Lawmaker asks FBI to investigate police response to Uvalde massacre, including apparent failure to confront shooter
Gov. Greg Abbott, After Yet Another Texas Mass Shooting, Focused on Praising Police—as Questions Emerge About Their Response
Emails Show Trump’s Lawyer Knew His Jan. 6 Plot Was Bullshit. He Tried It Anyway.
Cruz storms off after being asked why mass shootings happen ‘only in America’
'We Refuse to Go On Like This': US Students Walk Out to Demand Gun Control
Jan. 6 Recap: Trump Cheered the Chant of “Hang Mike Pence!”
The NRA celebrates in Texas before Uvalde victims are buried
Mike Lee ripped a gun safety group for fundraising off of the Texas school shooting. Lee’s campaign has used fears about gun control to fundraise. Lee’s campaign has run several ads on social media promoting his pro-Second Amendment stance.
Texas politicians shared horror and grief over Uvalde. Here's how much money they took from the NRA.
The NRA Convention Begins Today. You Can’t Bring Your Gun.
Texas Lt. Guv Dan Patrick Drops Out Of NRA Convention At 11th Hour
Beto O'Rourke: There will be a reckoning at the ballot box
Spare us your thoughts and prayers. Do your damn job.
Sen. Bill Cassidy claims people need AR-15s to defend themselves from 'feral pigs,' inadvertently echoing an old meme about 'feral hogs'
Not a single GOP senator voted to advance a bill to combat domestic terrorism, neo-Nazism, and white supremacy in the wake of 2 mass shootings
After Racist Massacre in Buffalo, Senate GOP Blocks Domestic Terrorism Bill| "There are a lot of MAGA Republicans for whom no amount of gun violence... will ever, ever convince them to take any action," said Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says she's thinking of getting rid of her Tesla after her Twitter feud with Elon Musk
'Counting Dollars While They Were Counting Bodies': Abbott Attended Fundraiser Hours After Massacre
Cowardice is the point of white supremacy, too
Teen Activists Plot to Unseat Greg Abbott, Other Pro-Gun Lawmakers
Republicans Signal Refusal of Jan. 6 Subpoenas, Setting Up a Showdown
Essential Politics: Gun deaths dropped in California as they rose in Texas: Gun control seems to work
A California police department offered gas money for unwanted guns. It ran out
Lauren Boebert rejects new gun-control laws, arguing that the US didn't ban planes after 9/11
Texas Chief Admits Cops Made ‘Wrong Decision’ Not to Storm Uvalde Classroom
Biden zeroes in on plan to cancel $10,000 in student loans per borrower
Senator who has received $1m from NRA runs into a locked door trying to avoid Texas shooting questions
A Culture That Kills Its Children Has No Future
On school shootings, Herschel Walker tries (and fails) again
Uvalde’s GOP Congressman Won’t Answer Why 18-Year-Olds Can Buy Assault Rifles
Ted Cruz claims that the NRA 'stands up for your rights' just days after 21 people were shot and killed in a Texas elementary school massacre
Conservatives are too busy waging a domestic war to stop gun violence
Camerota asks Texas lawmaker why they work quickly to protect embryos but not 10-year-olds
Senate GOP blocks domestic terrorism bill that would have opened debate on gun measures after Texas shooting
Joe Biden said mass shootings tripled when the assault weapon ban ended. They did
A Timeline of Failed Attempts to Address U.S. Gun Violence - Time after time for more than a decade, Democrats in Congress have proposed gun restrictions and faced unyielding Republican opposition
Sen. Ron Johnson says critical race theory, 'wokeness' responsible for school shootings
This GOP congressional candidate is so extreme her daughter is begging people not to vote for her | Florida state Sen. Kelli Stargel is the "worst mom ever," she says in a blistering video that details alleged abuse by the "family values" candidate.
Taking Cues From Texas, California Proposes Its Own Bounty Law—Against Guns: If it passes, the Golden State would set up a confrontation with the Supreme Court, which blessed the Lone Star State’s anti-abortion law.
Ted Cruz Storms Out on British Interviewer When Asked Why School Shootings Only Happen in America
Judge dismisses Trump's lawsuit, allowing NY probe to go on
Texas Trans girl assaulted over GOP lies about Uvalde shooting
Full list of Republican senators who receive funding from the NRA
Mark Meadows burned documents after meeting with GOP congressman, former aide testifies to Jan. 6 committee: report
Trump EPA chief ordered drivers to speed when running late, says internal report
The Senate Has Forfeited Its Right to Exist - Not even 19 butchered children can break through its idiotic traditions.
The U.S. Lawmakers Who Have Received the Most Funding from the NRA
Beto O'Rourke interrupts Uvalde school shooting news conference, tells Gov. Abbott 'this is on you'
The dangerous defeatism that follows mass shootings - No, the gun control debate was not over after Sandy Hook. It’s not over after Uvalde either.
Republican Governors Lose Their Dread of Trump
88 percent in new poll support background checks on all gun sales
Republicans' "solutions" to mass shootings are meant to make you feel helpless Republicans won't do anything to stop mass shootings because they benefit from them
Marco Rubio slams Miami Heat’s demand for gun reform after Texas school shooting
Faith Leaders, Teachers Mobilize for Protests at NRA's Houston Meeting in Wake of Uvalde Massacre
Opinion | Kevin McCarthy’s coverup for Trump just got much more alarming
NRA opens gun convention in Texas after school massacre
On Guns, Biden’s Call for Action Is a Painful Reminder That He Cannot Make It Happen
Latest White House plan would forgive $10,000 in student debt per borrower
Alabama House member facing theft charges loses in primary
How an Organized Republican Effort Punishes Companies for Climate Action
Ted Cruz Flayed Over Ludicrous Idea For Preventing School Shootings | According to the Republican senator, it's the number of doors, not guns, that schools should be worried about.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to skip NRA convention, return to Uvalde, instead
Cruz Blames Uvalde Shooting On School Having More Than One Door
New Documents Illuminate the President’s Secret, Unchecked Emergency Powers - Bush-era records released under the Freedom of Information Act raise concerns about the powers presidents might claim during crises, from suspending habeas corpus to implementing an internet kill switch
Incorporation records reveal new details about a ‘dark money’ group pouring millions into 2022 midterms
Previously secret 'alternative' Mueller report goes public
CNN host presses Texas Republican: "Use that same blueprint that you used for your abortion law"
N.J. has America’s 2nd toughest gun laws, and Murphy wants more. Here are all the details.
Poll: Supreme Court approval nosedives after leak of draft opinion that would overturn Roe v. Wade
Five G.O.P. candidates for Michigan governor are ruled ineligible over forged petition signatures.
Even Lee Greenwood Bails On NRA Convention
Governor saw deadly arrest video months before prosecutors
Why 18-Year-Olds in Texas Can Buy AR-15s but Not Handguns
Defiant Republicans attend NRA convention in Texas: "I refuse to cower"
Republicans are trying to dive for cover under the Second Amendment. Don’t let them. Like virtually every right and prohibition in the Constitution, the right to keep and bear arms is subject to legislation that defines and regulates its application.
Texas is a top target for gun rights lobbying and political contributions
Mitt Romney, Elizabeth Warren, other senators send bipartisan letter to Biden urging him to keep Trump's China tariffs, saying they're 'not a driver of today's inflation'
Democrats Urge U.S. Action Against Israel's Eviction of Palestinians in Masafer Yatta
U.S. House panel asks gunmakers for marketing, other data after shootings
Blame Republicans for Uvalde? Yes, but Also Blame the Supreme Court
Gun control advocacy groups rally at Capitol, urge senators to pass reform
Senators Set to Leave Town for 10-Day Recess Without Action on Gun Violence Crisis
Ted Cruz storms off interview after being grilled about on gun control reform The Texas senator became irritated after the Sky News journalist pressed about why mass shootings seem to happen so often in America
Trump E.P.A. Chief ‘Endangered Public Safety’ by Ordering His Drivers to Speed
The GOP's two favorite Dems try to turn their cred into a guns deal
Here's What Congress Failed To Do After Sandy Hook And How It’s Shaping Up To Be The Same After The Uvalde Shooting
As timeline emerges, police criticized for response to school massacre
Palazzo blamed Biden for the formula shortage. Then he missed two votes to address it.
Schumer calls Texas Gov. Abbott "an absolute fraud"
Mehmet Oz claims victory as Pennsylvania declares recount
Did A Former Federal Agent Know About the Buffalo Massacre In Advance?
In More Than 100 G.O.P. Midterm Ads This Year: Guns, Guns, Guns
Obama’s campaign ‘gaffe’ now seems prophetic
'We Need Fewer Guns in Schools, Not More': Teachers Reject GOP Call for Armed Educators
McLeod-Skinner ousts Biden-backed Schrader in Oregon primary
Here’s which Michigan lawmakers take donations from the NRA
Following the latest school shooting, Ted Cruz focuses on doors
Mass Shootings: American Exceptionalism of the Worst Kind
Ted Cruz angrily quits interview after being confronted about gun control
Meadows burned papers after meeting with Scott Perry, Jan. 6 panel told
‘Where is she?’: Iowa's Indigenous communities grapple with crisis of missing and murdered women
Supreme Court ruling makes it harder for innocent people to get their convictions overturned
Campus Lockdowns Are So Common Near The Border That Some Uvalde Students Didn’t Realize A School Shooting Was Happening
Lauren Boebert on gun control: 'When 9/11 happened, we didn't ban planes'
Messenger: Nobody does mass shootings like America. Nobody.
Biden says ‘second amendment is not absolute’ after Texas shooting
5 GOP candidates blocked from Michigan governor's primary over alleged false signatures
23 Creative Solutions Republicans Have Offered To Stop Mass Shootings That Have Nothing To Do With Guns
Senate Republicans block domestic terrorism bill
For the Right, Everything Is Fodder for the War on Public School—Even Mass Shootings - The Federalist used the horrific Texas shooting to continue the conservative argument against public education.
Texas Gov. Abbott not attending Houston NRA summit, will speak in Uvalde
Biden Signs Police Reform Measures On The Anniversary Of George Floyd’s Murder
Abbott attended campaign fundraiser hours after Texas shooting
Ron Johnson says critical race theory, 'wokeness' responsible for school shootings
After Texas shooting, Republicans face online anger over NRA money
Michael Moore Calls For Repeal Of Second Amendment In MSNBC Interview
Opinion | Conservatives’ new scapegoat for mass shootings: ‘Culture’
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz receives sharp backlash for comments in wake of Uvalde school shooting
'Allow families to bury their children': Mayor Turner urges NRA meeting in Houston be postponed
Uvalde Had Prepared for School Shootings. It Did Not Stop the Rampage. | Uvalde officials had trained to confront gunmen and, like other schools around the country, had invested in security.
California wants to force insurers to reward homeowners for fireproofing homes
US fights its own secrecy laws to pursue Russian assets
Millions risk losing US healthcare when Covid emergency declaration expires
Two teachers union leaders to push gun safety at NRA convention
The Anti-Vaccine Movement’s New Frontier. A wave of parents has been radicalized by Covid-era misinformation to reject ordinary childhood immunizations — with potentially lethal consequences.
Silicon Valley has given tens of thousands to Republican organizations that back pro-gun politicians
AOC Is Endorsing the Full Slate of New York Democratic Socialist State Candidates
Lauren Boebert debates primary challenger Don Coram in southwest Colorado
Supreme Court rejects red states’ bid to block Biden accounting metric
Scoop: Manchin serious about Schumer talks
5 Michigan GOP candidates for governor disqualified from ballot after board deadlocks
Crist says he’ll only debate Democratic primary rivals once
Senators debate red flag law grants after Texas shooting
Youth Gun Deaths In Texas Doubled Under Greg Abbott. Then Came Uvalde.
Supreme Court allows Biden administration to continue counting the costs of planet-warming emissions, for now
Selena Gomez joins Biden for a conversation on mental health
Bernie Sanders, Lindsey Graham to Kick Off New Debate Series
Republican quits Wisconsin elections panel, says Trump lost
Bishop pleads for ban on semi-automatic firearms in West Virginia
Ted Cruz Can't Answer a Basic Question About America's Mass Shootings
Utah GOP Senator Mike Lee Blames Mass Shootings on 'Fatherlessness'
Republican candidate for Maine House blames ‘liberal teachers’ for Texas school shooting
Democrats aim for modest deal on guns
Michigan Republicans block movement of gun safety bills from Democrats after Uvalde kids murdered
Biden, first lady to travel to Uvalde on Sunday
Senator Ted Cruz storms off over questions about gun reform
Henry Cuellar declares victory, Jessica Cisneros won’t concede in TX-28 runoff
Making 'Impregnators' Pay Their Fair Share
Pennsylvania Senate Race: Oz declares victory ahead of recount
Abbott calls Texas school shooting a mental health issue but cut state spending on it
McConnell says he has directed Cornyn to engage with Democrats on a 'bipartisan solution' on gun violence
School shootings, COVID: Is mass death now tolerated in America?
'Trump picked this fight': Why heavyweight Republicans no longer fear Trump
Senate GOP blocks domestic terrorism bill, gun policy debate
New poll spells trouble for Michigan Republicans peddling conspiracy theories and opposing abortion rights
Texas lawmakers again want to “harden” schools. But security efforts are lacking, and experts question their worth.
Cops Didn't Stop the Uvalde School Shooting
Texas mass shooting cynically exploited to advance war on public schooling.
Senate Republicans block domestic terrorism bill
Brad Raffensperger defied Trump. Georgia voters rewarded him for it.
A Year of “Protecting Children” in Texas - State leaders have campaigned in 2022 on "saving" Texas children from threats real and imagined. All the while, we've been selling them out.
Biden zeroes in on plan to cancel $10,000 in student loans per borrower
Biden unveiled new order making police misconduct records public on 2nd anniversary of George Floyd's death
In Debates Over Prison Closures, Don’t Prioritize “Economic Impact” Over Lives
Inflation blame game: Sorting out the culprits
For 'lockdown generation' school shootings are their reality
“We Are Caught in the Most Perverse Version of Groundhog Day” — Democrats are sick over the Uvalde massacre, but no one has a plan to get a bipartisan gun reform bill past the Senate filibuster.
McConnell signals Republicans willing to engage on limited gun measures 'directly related' to Uvalde
Lobbying by gun rights groups hit a spending record in 2021. They outspent gun control by more than 5x
Column: America's gun violence problem won’t be solved until firearm owners finally understand it must be
Schumer vows to force vote on gun-control legislation after Memorial Day recess
Senate GOP planning to block domestic terrorism bill that Democrats have tied to guns
Herschel Walker fumbles gun control response - twice
Senate Republicans block domestic terrorism prevention bill in key vote
The NRA's Secret Tapes
Interior Department announces first offshore California wind lease sale
Texas state bar files professional misconduct lawsuit against Ken Paxton for attempt to overturn 2020 presidential elections
DOJ will revisit decision not to charge FBI agents in failed Nassar case
Democrats Need to Start Talking About Repealing the Second Amendment: It'd likely be a decades-long campaign, but it's long past time to take disarming America seriously.
Senate to consider domestic terrorism bill despite stiff Republican opposition
Biden-Harris Administration Announces New Actions to Strengthen Food Supply Chains, Level the Playing Field for Growers, and Lower Prices for American Consumers
Capitol Hill's smallest committee takes center stage
How to Prevent Gun Massacres? Look Around the World
Republicans Respond to Uvalde With Thoughts, Prayers, and Cowardice
‘Words simply fail’: McConnell offers solace, avoids solutions after Texas shooting
Republicans Not Sure Why America Has So Many Gun Deaths
My Letter to the Victims of the Next School Shooting: I’d like to save your lives, whoever you are, but I can’t. A reactionary electoral minority is blocking the way.
US Supreme Court may be on verge of expanding the right to carry guns in public
NAACP urges Abbott to skip this week’s NRA conference
Biden to travel to Texas to comfort families of Uvalde school shooting victims
Voting Laws Roundup: May 2022: This year, state lawmakers have focused on enacting election interference legislation, with six states already passing nine laws that threaten to undermine voters’ confidence in the security of elections.
GOP voters back reinstating net neutrality when given case for and against, poll finds
Tennessee is about to become the 1st state to make camping on public land a felony
The Devil Went Down to Georgia and Lost
Guns are the things most likely to kill young people in America
Beto O'Rourke accuses Abbott of doing nothing following school shooting in Uvalde, Texas
Time to force the GOP to defend its abortion extremism
Bernie Sanders, AOC, and 40 other Democrats ask Google to stop collecting location data so 'far-right extremists' can't use it to identify who has had an abortion
Beto O'Rourke interrupts Texas governor's press conference on shooting
‘Ghost candidate’ jailed amid wave of arrests
'You'll learn': Florida representative raises eyebrows with Second Amendment message to Biden
Biden and first lady to visit Uvalde on Sunday and meet with victims’ families
Supreme Court to rule in gun case with US raw from mass shootings
South Dakota marijuana legalization heads back to ballot in November 2022 election
Sanders, Graham set to square off in new debate series
In first test after mass shootings, Senate GOP poised to block domestic terror bill
Trump expressed support for hanging Pence during Capitol riot, Jan. 6 panel told
Senate GOP set to block domestic terrorism bill as gun debate heats up
The 10 GOP senators to watch in the wake of the Texas school shooting
Texas official wants to arm more teachers. Bad idea.
US preparing to approve advanced long-range rocket system for Ukraine
Beto O’Rourke confronts Texas Gov. Greg Abbott at Uvalde press conference: “This is on you”
NRA contributions to Mid-South senators
Training children to attack school shooters is cowardly victim-blaming
Donald Trump and Fellow GOP Monsters Will Still Attend NRA Event in Texas on Friday
Our gun epidemic is a symptom of our broken democracy
Opinion: Our babies are dying. Where are the responsible adults?
Will Uvalde Be Enough?
Note to GOP: Y’all looked bad even before Madison Cawthorn brought up cocaine orgies
Trump-Endorsed Republicans Falter in Georgia Primaries
Gallego knocks Sinema over remarks in wake of Texas school shooting
Latest White House plan would forgive $10,000 in student debt per borrower
'A bad day for ... hope': Another school shooting. More dead kids. Why gun control advocates see no end in sight
Georgia deals critical blow to Trump’s kingmaker status
Alabama Democrats ‘tired of bullshit statements’ on school shootings
Why Republicans Ousted Cawthorn but Not Marjorie Taylor Greene
Why cellphone privacy matters in a post-Roe world
Democrat rips “useless f**king baby killer” Ted Cruz for offering prayers while fighting gun safety
Trump drains GOP of cash in Georgia — then suffers embarrassing defeat
Schumer accuses GOP of choosing NRA over American people
The Onion Flooded Its Homepage With The Same 21 Stories It Has Written About Mass Shootings
Share Biden-Harris Administration Proposes First-Ever California Offshore Wind Lease Sale
Where Senate Republicans Stand on Gun Legislation
What Greg Abbott gets *totally* wrong about the Uvalde shooting
'Inaction Is Bought': Here Are the Receipts on NRA's Purchase of GOP - "The issue is money in politics," said Nina Turner after the nation's latest mass killing of students and teachers. Right-wing lawmakers are "allowing children to die because of the gun lobby."
'You are doing nothing!': Beto O'Rourke interrupts Gov. Greg Abbott presser on Uvalde school shooting
Supreme Court Allows Greenhouse Gas Cost Estimates: Louisiana and other Republican-led states challenged a federal working group’s efforts to develop standards for agencies to use in quantifying the harms caused by emissions.
We asked every senator what action should be taken on guns. Here's what they said
How GOP lawmakers want to address school shootings
Paul Gosar deletes tweet blaming Texas shooting on ‘transsexual leftist illegal alien’
Florida IG report: 'Insufficient evidence' for DeSantis critic's claims of Covid cover-up
‘Red flag’ legislation emerges as leading option in the Senate following shootings
Antony Blinken says US is not seeking ‘cold war’ with China
O’Rourke calls on Abbott to cancel NRA convention appearance
New Jersey governor says Republicans taking ‘blood money’ from gun lobby
From 4Chan to Congress: How a Hateful Anti-Trans Lie About the Uvalde Shooter Went Viral
Congress Has Not Passed Any Gun Control Legislation Since Sandy Hook
As Governor McKee signed the marijuana legalization bill into law, the lawmaker behind the bill called for gun reform - The Boston Globe
David Perdue's Pathetic, Racist, Conspiracy-Ridden Georgia Governor Campaign Is Officially Over
RI becomes 19th state to legalize recreational marijuana
Beto O'Rourke interrupts Greg Abbott's Uvalde press conference: "You are doing nothing"
New poll: 54% of Americans disapprove of Supreme Court following Roe draft opinion leak
Are schools the next target of ‘great replacement theory’ conspiracists?
School Shootings Confirm That Guns Are the Religion of the Right
One place you won't find guns in the wake of the Texas school massacre? The NRA's upcoming leadership conference in Houston this week.
‘Toxic work environment’ in Dane County Medical Examiner’s Office pushes employees to the brink
Texas Republicans made it easier to buy and carry guns months before 19 kids were shot and killed at an elementary school
Black, Latino Power Diluted by Revised NY Map, Jeffries Says
Republicans don't care about kids — just imaginary children
The Police Timeline of the Texas School Shooting Has a Lot of Holes
Jan. 6 panel is told that Trump indicated support for hanging Pence during insurrection
Primary debate schedule set. Utah GOP to sponsor three events. Utah GOP Chair Carson Jorgensen will moderate the House District 2 and U.S. Senate debates.
19 Dead Grade Schoolers Still Won't Get Manchin To Move on the Filibuster
Ruben Gallego Rips NRA and GOP After School Slaughter: ‘Fuck You Ted Cruz’ and ‘Fuck Your Prayers’
Gridlocked on guns, Virginia lawmakers debate other ways to address violence
Ted Cruz Condemns ‘Political Posturing’ While Blaming Doors for Gun Massacre
‘Horrifying’ conspiracy theories swirl around Texas shooting
Biden to host K-pop stars BTS, discuss anti-Asian hate crimes
We Can’t Even Agree on What Is Tearing Us Apart
‘How do you even sleep at night?’ Texas Sen. Ted Cruz faces backlash after Uvalde shooting
Britain ended school shootings after one single massacre. We could here too.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott attended fundraiser after Uvalde school shooting
Florida GOP Candidate’s Bisexual Daughter Slams Mom in Viral Video
A Republican member of Congress owns a gun store and makes millions selling military-style rifles, body armor, ammunition, and other weapon accessories
Port: Republican state senator reaches settlement in theft case, criminal charges may be dismissed
FDA Commissioner Testifies on Baby Formula Shortage
K-pop band BTS will join Biden to combat anti-Asian hate crimes, says White House
‘Horrifying’ conspiracy theories swirl around Texas shooting
Campaign emerges to overrule Insular Cases
'Trump is in the past': Mounting losses show limits of power
Texas shooting highlights how guns are the leading cause of death for US kids
Biden on Texas Mass Shooting: “Why Are We Willing to Live With This Carnage?”
The Supreme Court Decides Death Row Prisoners Don’t Deserve Competent Lawyers
'Ted Cruz, F-ck You!': Anger Erupts at Gun-Loving GOP After Mass Slaughter in Texas
Beto O'Rourke interrupts Texas Gov. Abbott's press conference: "You're offering us nothing"
The Story Is the Victims | I sure as hell am not in the mood for any discussion of the "appropriateness" of Beto O'Rourke's press conference interruption.
Weakened gun laws put Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on the defensive
Seven-year vacancy on NJ court finally filled with Biden nom
Confronted with mass shootings, Texas Republicans have repeatedly loosened gun laws
A new brand of authoritarianism has trickled into the Republican Party - Trump might be out of office, but an international network of far-right parties and institutions is assembling to finish what he started.
‘This is a crisis point’: Job training deficit leaves critical jobs unfilled
Opinion: Proposed FDA water safety rule comes up short?
GOP Rep. Paul Gosar spread a baseless transphobic rumor that the Uvalde school shooting suspect was a 'transsexual leftist illegal alien'
Virginia lawmaker comes out against stadium legislation for Commanders
Florida Rep. Randy Fine tweets threatening message to President Biden after Tuesday’s school shooting in Texas
Gun-control proposals face big hurdles in the Senate
Beto O’Rourke Confronts Gov. Abbott, Gets Ejected From Texas Shooting Presser
Ohio’s high court rejects latest GOP-drawn Statehouse maps
CPAC Hungary Was the GOP’s Ultimate Racist ‘Mask Off’ Moment
Editorial: Abbott says 'never again' after Uvalde school massacre. Don’t fall for it, Texans.
Republicans pledge allegiance to a hobbled NRA | Despite the school massacre, Donald Trump and other prominent pols are still planning to speak at an event the group is holding this week in Houston.
‘F*ck You’: Dem Rep. Gallego Skewers Cruz For Whining About Gun Control After Texas School Shooting
Majority in new poll favors stricter gun control measures
Europe is counting on US natural gas. But the expanding industry endangers people's health.
Trump’s “Big Lie” Lost Big in Georgia on Tuesday
'Sick S**t': Texas Gov. Greg Abbott's Haunting Gun Tweet Resurfaces After Massacre
'It's On You!': Beto O'Rourke Storms Gov. Greg Abbott's Press Conference on Uvalde Shooting
Blinken says US is ready to strengthen diplomacy with China in "charged moment for the world"
Guns kill children again
'Enough': Steve Kerr reacts to Texas shooting, calls on Washington to pass background checks
Did Florida Rep. Randy Fine just threaten the president’s life? Secret Service better find out
House Sergeant at Arms believes lawmakers should not be allowed to carry guns inside the Capitol
Beto O'Rourke confronts Gov. Abbott at Texas school shooting press conference
Property insurance changes going to DeSantis
Texas Police Couldn't Stop Salvador Ramos Before Uvalde School Shooting
Jim Jordan demands material on him before complying with January 6 subpoena
DOJ probe of fake elector plot seeks information about Trump's top lawyers and advisers
MAGA Congressman falsely blames transgender person for Texas school shooting
Gov. Greg Abbott Just Said the Texas School Shooting ‘Could Have Been Worse’
FBI: Active shooter incidents up 52% in 2021, 103 killed
The GOP’s Only Answer to School Shootings Didn’t Help in Uvalde
Biden signs police reform executive order on anniversary of George Floyd's death
‘Have you no shame?’ Dianne Feinstein asks fellow lawmakers as she urges gun reform
Beto O’Rourke interrupts Texas governor's news conference on school shooting
Ethics law offers possible path for Trump prosecution
Supreme Court may soon loosen gun laws as nation reels from massacres
Opinion The deceitful dodges Republicans use to resist gun controls
Oklahoma Gov. Kevin Stitt signs nation's strictest abortion ban. It starts immediately
Beto O'Rourke interrupts Texas Gov. Abbott at Uvalde news conference: 'You are doing nothing'
AOC Blasts Democratic Leaders for Boosting 'Pro-NRA Incumbent' Henry Cuellar
Oklahoma governor signs nation’s strictest abortion ban
An Imminent Supreme Court Ruling Could Make Gun Safety Laws Even Weaker
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott tweeted in 2015 that he was 'embarrassed' that Texas was No. 2 in gun purchases and told Texans to 'pick up the pace'
Texas school shooting ‘could’ve been worse,’ Gov. Abbott says
GOP Rep. Jim Jordan contests constitutionality of January 6 committee’s subpoena and issues list of demands
Oklahoma's Gov. Stitt signs bill restricting school bathrooms to birth sex, effective immediately
Watch: Beto O'Rourke confronts Texas governor at shooting news conference
Baby Formula Shortage Reveals Gaps in Regulation and Reporting The government has ordered more safeguards at an Abbott Nutrition plant. But the lack of reporting requirements and limited testing make it hard to monitor the deadly bacterium that led to a recall.
Abbott baby formula plant had 'egregious insanitary' conditions, FDA chief says in scathing testimony to Congress
Fox News' Coverage of the Uvalde Shooting Was Sickening
Democratic discontent brews with Federal Reserve
The Supreme Court Is Enabling America’s Gun Dystopia — After a long period of inaction on the Second Amendment, the Supreme Court is back to doing what it does best: Making our world a more dangerous place.
Congressman Skewers Ted Cruz's Response To Texas Shooting: 'You Are Useless'
Biden signs policing order on anniversary of Floyd's death
Stacey Abrams wins Democratic gubernatorial primary in Georgia
The Right-Wing Lie That’s Killing Our Children | Republicans have twisted the 2nd Amendment to suit their extremist purposes, blocking sensible checks on gun ownership and enabling the unceasing procession of mass shootings
Parents of LGBTQ kids say new Tennessee legislation makes their kids want to move out of state
Supreme Court May Expand Gun Rights As Mass Shootings Take Place
Gunmakers lose challenge to New York law allowing lawsuits against industry
'This is on you': Beto O’Rourke confronts Texas governor at school shooting news conference
There's No Democrat Alive Who Makes Republicans More Nervous Than Stacey Abrams Does
How the Supreme Court made it impossible to solve America’s gun violence problem
O’Rourke confronts Abbott at press conference on Texas school shooting
Trump Just Got His Ass Handed to Him in Georgia
Progressives are calling out Democratic leaders for their support of Henry Cuellar amid a mass shooting and the possible overturning of abortion rights protections.
Trump Said to Have Reacted Approvingly to Jan. 6 Chants About Hanging Pence
Republicans call for arming teachers, more police in schools after Uvalde shooting
Top Texas Republicans resist gun control and push for more armed teachers and police at schools in wake of Uvalde shooting
Joe Manchin won't budge on the Senate filibuster after at least 18 children were killed in a Texas school shooting
Will Congress act on guns after Sandy Hook, Buffalo, Uvalde?
Trump Didn’t Think Jan. 6 Rioters Hanging Mike Pence Was Such a Bad Idea: Report
The Far Right Is Falsely Blaming a Trans Woman for the Texas School Shooting
In the U.S., Backlash to Civil Rights Era Made Guns a Political Third Rail. Other countries changed course after massacres. But American political protection for guns is unique, and has become inseparable from conservative credentials.
This time, Gov. Greg Abbott has few suggestions on how the state might prevent future mass shootings
Biden administration announces effort to stop Pebble copper and gold mine from being built
Trump's pick for governor — who ran on election lies — loses to Kemp in Georgia
Executive Order on Advancing Effective, Accountable Policing and Criminal Justice Practices to Enhance Public Trust and Public Safety
U.S. made mistake by exiting Iran nuclear deal, Israeli official says
Alex Jones Questions Texas School Shooting: 'Very Opportunistic'
Sen. Chris Murphy Pleads With GOP To Compromise On Gun Control After Texas Shooting | “I’m here on this floor to beg, to literally get down on my hands and knees and beg my colleagues," an emotional Murphy said on the Senate floor.
Raffensperger wins Georgia secretary of state primary over Trump-backed opponent
Fact check: Herschel Walker falsely claims he never falsely claimed he graduated from University of Georgia
Why Republicans feel little political pressure for stricter gun control
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, Donald Trump scheduled to address NRA conference 72 hours after elementary school shooting
Hours after Uvalde school shooting, Gov. Greg Abbott attended a fundraiser 300 miles away
Oklahoma governor signs strictest abortion ban in the U.S. into law
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries "very confident" Democrats will retain majority in midterms
Beto O’Rourke Crashes Abbott’s Press Conference on Uvalde School Shooting: ‘This Is on You’
Warriors Coach Steve Kerr Angrily Condemns Senators for Inaction on Guns After Texas School Shooting
Rep. Paul Gosar tweets, then deletes, unsubstantiated speculation about Texas shooter
The True Cost of Gun Violence in America The data the NRA doesn’t want you to see.
State Bar sues top Paxton deputy over 2020 election fraud claims; Paxton says he's next
A fifth of Americans think mass shootings are simply unpreventable
Kemp, Raffensperger win in blow to Trump and his false election claims
Beto O'Rourke confronts Texas governor during update on Uvalde elementary school shooting
Conservatives immediately, without evidence, blame 'illegal alien' in wake of Texas school shooting
Measure to prohibit ‘dark money’ in tribal politics signed into Cherokee law
German newspaper "Die Zeit" on the Uvalde shooting: "Where guns count more than children's lives" - Translation in the comment section
Trump, Cruz, Abbott still set to speak at NRA meeting in Houston days after Uvalde mass shooting
Banning abortions is just the start – next the US right want to outlaw contraception
GOP bill for school safety
Video: Beto O’Rourke Interrupts Texas Shooting News Conference
Jordan demands docs from Jan. 6 panel in face of subpoena
Texas Republican leaders’ response to the mass shooting: more guns in schools
Beto O’Rourke crashes Abbott press conference on Uvalde school shooting
Republicans offer thoughts and prayers – but not gun control to stop the killings | Texas school shooting
Ted Cruz slammed over Texas elementary school shooting comments
Does Being Denied an Abortion Harm Mental Health?
Insurrectionists May Be Barred From Office, Appeals Court Rules
Schumer pledges votes on gun control if GOP advances domestic terrorism bill
Governor: Texas gunman said he was going to shoot up school
Gov. Greg Abbott won’t say whether he plans to attend NRA convention in Houston on Friday
Blow to Madison Cawthorn as appeals court reverses ‘insurrectionist’ ruling
‘Idolatry of Violence’: AOC Attacks ‘Pro Life’ GOP Over Texas School Shooting
Oklahoma GOP governor signs one of nation's strictest abortion bills into law
Biden’s Approval Slump Hits a Dreary New Milestone
Mises Caucus: Could It Sway the Libertarian Party to the Hard Right?
Donald Trump’s revenge tour is derailed in Georgia
Leadership at one of the biggest student-loan companies expects Biden to cancel $10,000 in debt per borrower in the next few weeks
Bulletproof Backpack Makers Seeing Sales Spike After Texas School Shooting
Herschel Walker's Response to the Uvalde Shooting Was Incoherent. So Is His Senate Bid
As mass shootings continue, Ohio is about to significantly loosen its gun-control laws
GOP Congressman for Texas School-Shooting District Boasted About Voting Down Gun Control Measures
AOC Calls Out Ted Cruz for Scheduled Appearance at NRA Event
Uvalde school shooting suspect was a loner who bought two assault rifles for his 18th birthday
Slain teachers hailed as heroes in Texas school massacre as politicians debate gun control
Oklahoma governor signs the nation's strictest abortion ban
Like Americans overall, Catholics vary in their abortion views, with regular Mass attenders most opposed
Pennsylvania GOP Senate primary between Oz and McCormick is heading to a recount
Russia State TV Calls Trump a Cult Leader: MAGA's a 'Fascist' Slogan
Homeland Security Once Again Demonstrates Its Own Incompetence, ‘Pauses’ Orwellian Named Disinfo Board
Senate confirms Democratic nominee to FEC
Trump Vowed Vengeance, but Georgia Voters Rejected His Meddling
Police Remove O’Rourke From Presser After He Confronts Abbott
Insurrectionists can be barred from office, appeals court says
We live with the carnage of gun violence because that’s what America wants
Democrats ask Google to stop collecting location data following Supreme Court leak
Pennsylvania announces recount of Senate GOP primary race between Dr. Oz, Dave McCormick
Barack Obama Addresses Uvalde Shooting Nearly 10 Years After Sandy Hook: 'Our Country Is Paralyzed' — "Michelle and I grieve with the families in Uvalde, who are experiencing pain no one should have to bear," former President Barack Obama said in response to the Texas school shooting Tuesday
‘I am sick and tired of it. We have to act,’ Biden says.
Intensifying Inquiry Into Alternate Electors Focuses on Trump Lawyers
Progressives in Congress Push Google to Stop Collecting Abortion Patients' Location Data Lawmakers worry the tech giant's practices "will allow it to become a tool for far-right extremists looking to crack down on people seeking reproductive healthcare."
Even the Gun Industry Knew We Would End Up Here
Ruben Gallego hurls expletives at Ted Cruz after he attacks Dems after Texas school massacre
Charges Filed In Gaetz-Linked Florida Ghost Candidate Scheme
State Rep. Randy Fine makes Second Amendment threat after Uvalde shooting
Fossil Fuels Are a Threat to National Security
Rep. Henry Cuellar, Jessica Cisneros locked in tight battle in Texas
How Raffensberger went from Trump outcast to MAGA vanquisher
5 GOP candidates in Michigan ineligible after fraud, election office says
Live updates | Beto O'Rourke interrupts news conference
FBI Faces Lone Shooters and Soft Targets: ‘All Over the Map’
Pelosi responds to archbishop denying her communion over abortion stance
Massachusetts high court allows AG’s Exxon lawsuit to proceed
President Biden Names Eighteenth Round of Judicial Nominees
Opinion: Georgia signals that Trump's days playing kingmaker are over
The mass shooting at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas, came less than a year after state lawmakers drastically expanded gun rights.
Georgia Secretary of State Raffensperger beats Trump-backed primary challenge, AP says
Gun rights groups set new lobbying spending record in 2021
Opinion: Six Capitol riot hearings won’t do the job
Why can’t America do anything to stop mass shootings?
The Supreme Court Just Said That Evidence of Innocence Is Not Enough
Climate denial group is masquerading as a charity, critics say
Rep. Tony Gonzales on debating gun control after Texas shooting: "Not today"
After Kids Killed in Texas, Dems Declare 'Pass Gun Safety Legislation Now'
Joe Manchin Says He'd Do 'Anything' For Gun Control ― Except Eliminate Filibuster
George P. Bush’s defeat could be the end of the line for a four-generation political dynasty
Where is America headed? It's no longer an academic question
Tucker Carlson, Laura Ingraham Ridiculously Rip Biden's Reaction To Texas School Shooting
16 watchdog groups demand Joe Biden 'publicly and actively' push Congress to ban lawmaker stock trades
Delaware governor vetoes marijuana legalization
On the Run: In different ways, progressive prosecutors Chesa Boudin, George Gascón, and Larry Krasner are facing backlash against their disastrous policies.
Texas schoolchildren killed in shooting were all in same classroom, official says
Whistleblower report on baby formula didn’t reach top FDA food safety official
Manchin supports gun reforms, but not changes to filibuster rules
Budowsky: How Dems can win an epic midterm election
Schumer tells colleagues not to expect a gun-control vote anytime soon
‘They Think I'm His Girlfriend’: People Are Blaming a Random Girl for Texas Shooting
Trump exposes the limits of his power with ill-fated endorsements
A federal appeals court has ruled that the 14th Amendment's bar on insurrectionists holding office may be applied to current and future political candidates - At issue was a case challenging Madison Cawthorn's eligibility for office
How Voter Suppression Laws Target Native Americans
Maryland leaders call for gun control after 14 children killed in Texas school shooting
Opinion | How Democrats can address our hopelessness about child massacres
“Any Republicans wanna speak out now?”: Alarm after Trump shares “civil war” post
Opinion Why is the right ignoring the Southern Baptist abuse scandal?
GOP Senators Unveil Plan For Preventing More Mass Shootings
Everyday Gun Ownership Set the Stage for the Uvalde Massacre
Abortion Questions for Justice Alito and His Supreme Court Allies
U.S. sends heavy weapons to Ukraine after Putin ally threatens world war
Column: 'We have to act,' Biden says. But he’s said that before. And the likelihood is slim
Uvalde shooting: Beto O'Rourke confronts Greg Abbott onstage during press conference
Full list of 192 House Republicans who voted against FDA baby formula bill
Ted Cruz condemned for ‘prayer’ tweet after Texas elementary school shooting massacre
Sinema: ‘D.C. Solutions’ Not ‘Realistic’ On Reforming Filibuster To Pass Gun Control
As End of Roe Looms, US Doctors Say 'Abortion Is Essential Healthcare'
'Spare me the bullshit': Sen. Chris Murphy rips GOP colleagues after Texas shooting
Donald Trump recalibrates his standing in GOP after primary setbacks
David Perdue’s historically bad comeback attempt
Abbott, Cruz to Attend NRA Convention Days After Texas School Shooting
EPA proposes protections for world’s biggest sockeye salmon fishery
Why We Keep Letting This Happen
After shootings, Hochul looks at raising age for guns in NY
US gun control: What is the NRA and why is it so powerful?
Opinion | MAGA Republicans aren’t isolationist. They’re pro-Putin.
Biden's pick to lead ATF in spotlight at Senate hearing after Texas elementary school shooting
The ‘straight, white, Christian, suburban mom’ taking on Republicans at their own game
What you need to know about legal cannabis in Rhode Island
MS Rep. launches website to help find baby formula
After Madison Cawthorn's loss, a ruling in a challenge to his candidacy was reversed
Majorie Taylor Greene Wins GOP Primary, Goes Off On Texas School Shooting. Greene cast the attack as a mental-health issue and tweeted: “We don’t need more gun control. We need to return to God.”
Sarah Sanders jumps on Texas shooting to justify ban on abortions, not guns
Democrats Want To Stop Google's Location Data From Being Used Against People Who Get Abortions
Vulgar convention comments were ‘not appropriate,’ GOP gubernatorial candidate says, but backs claims of indoctrination in schools
Canada should rethink relationship with U.S. as democratic backsliding worsens: security experts
Biden says 'we have to act' after Texas school shooting
Kemp defeats Trump-backed challenger David Perdue
Why Gun Control in America Is So Hard
GOP leader tells court that Bannon contempt charges won’t stand
Marjorie Taylor Greene tweets ‘we don’t need more gun control’ in response to Uvalde school shooting
What election night in Texas looked like after the mass shooting
Florida’s social media free speech law has been blocked for likely violating free speech laws
Federal appeals court says Civil War amnesty law doesn't shield current officials from January 6 candidacy challenges
Donald Trump seems to be losing his grip on the GOP
Oz, McCormick Race Heads Toward Recount in Pa Senate Primary
How US gun culture stacks up with the world
Gun legislation is stalled in Congress. Here's why that won't change anytime soon.
Kemp wins Georgia GOP gov's race in stinging rebuke of Trump
Op-Ed: White replacement theory is fascism's new name
‘What are we doing?’ Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy says comparing Texas school shooting to ‘another Sandy Hook’
The massive gap between rich and poor Americans costs the US economy more than $300 billion every year, study says
[Discussion Thread] President Biden Delivers a Statement on the School Shooting in Uvalde TX - Live 8:15 PM ET
Appeals court clears way for bid to disqualify Cawthorn as ‘insurrectionist’
Jamie McLeod-Skinner Is on the Verge of Ousting Blue Dog Kurt Schrader in Oregon
Raffensperger fends off Trump-backed primary challenge in Georgia
AOC called out for divisive comments about patriarchy and masculinity after Texas school shooting
Sen. Ted Cruz rejects calls for gun control and suggests more armed cops should be stationed at schools after devastating Texas school shooting
Beto O'Rourke shifts position on AR-15s once again, quietly edits campaign website
Republicans Call for Return to God, Prayer After Uvalde School Shooting
6 in 10 Trump voters agree with core tenet of great replacement theory: survey
Biden briefed on elementary school massacre in Uvalde, Texas
Liz Cheney urges voters and her party not to ‘enable the liar’
Financing of Races for Offices that Oversee Elections: May 2022 - Candidates who push election denial are winning primaries and leading fundraising in races for offices that will run the 2024 elections
Murphy pleads with GOP for a gun deal as 'another Sandy Hook' grips America
America’s Hands Are Full of Blood
Georgia primaries: Trump-backed Perdue trounced by Pence's pick
The Dethroned King Is Losing His Midas Touch: Donald Trump’s endorsees have struggled to get a majority in GOP primaries so far this year.
Brian Kemp trounces Trump-backed David Perdue in a Republican primary battle for Georgia governor.
This SCOTUS Decision Makes Plain the Entire Sweep of the Conservative Majority | The court has a sweet tooth for vengeful law enforcement against certain groups of citizens.
Opinion | ‘Great Replacement Theory’ isn’t about voting. It’s about whiteness.
Is this how the Bush dynasty ends?
David Perdue makes racist remarks about Stacey Abrams as he ends a lackluster campaign.
Negative partisanship is not more prevalent than positive partisanship
State rep. floats mandatory vasectomies for all boys as his state nears nation’s strictest abortion law
5 GOP Michigan Gov Candidates May Be Disqualified Over Fraudulent Petitions
Lawmakers vote to legalize recreational marijuana in RI
Crypto billionaire says he could spend a record $1 billion in 2024 election
D.C. Attorney General Files Long-Anticipated Lawsuit Accusing Mark Zuckerberg of Involvement in Cambridge Analytica Scandal and 2016 Election Manipulation
Michigan election bureau says 2 leading Republican candidates for governor filed fraudulent signatures, disqualifying them | PBS NewsHour
Pro-Confederate law doesn’t protect Madison Cawthorn from Jan. 6 challenge, court rules
Chris Carr Wins Georgia Attorney General Primary In Defeat For Trump's 'Big Lie'
5 Michigan Republican candidates for governor may be ineligible to appear on ballot
Democratic group spends $1.3M to help Beasley in NC
Biden to sign order on policing reform on two-year anniversary of George Floyd killing
Georgia Gov. Kemp wins Republican primary, beating Trump-backed challenger
High-tech surveillance in post-Roe America: Chilling new report outlines possible future - Privacy nonprofit forecasts dark future where "antiquated abortion laws are enforced with cutting-edge technology"
Murphy delivers emotional speech on Senate floor after Texas shooting
The GOP Is Lying About the “Great Replacement” Theory
In racist remarks, Perdue says Abrams is 'demeaning her own race'
More than 80 senators call for quick NATO approval for Sweden, Finland
An appeals court finds Florida's social media law unconstitutional
Texas attorney general calls for teachers to be armed after massacre in Uvalde
Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp beats Trump pick Perdue in GOP governor primary race, will face Democrat Abrams, NBC projects
‘We’re going to go f---ing scorched-earth’: How Brian Kemp crushed Trump in Georgia
One-China principle is the bedrock of peace across the Taiwan Strait
Analysis: Election deniers want to control the 2024 election. And they're getting closer
Rep. Loudermilk's 'dear friend' gave him wildly conspiratorial documents on Jan. 6 to help him overturn the 2020 election
Journalists: Stop Pretending The GOP Actually Cares About Regulating ‘Big Corporations’
Texas resumes some investigations into parents of transgender youths
The election system shuddered in 2020. Now, there are fears of an attack within
Ginni Thomas’ e-mails deepen her involvement in attempt to overturn 2020 election
Republican push to block Biden admin's asylum rule fails in Senate
Analysis: Beyond Trump, Trumpism is the winner in midterm primaries
For Minneapolis Police, Change Comes Slowly
Henry Cuellar declares victory, but Jessica Cisneros won't concede house seat
Fiery Stalemate Threatens to Destroy East Ukraine as US Weapons Pour In
Pastor who called Democrats "demons" claims he gave up tax-exempt status
Report says 18 Utah legislators have followed far-right groups on social media. The list of Utah lawmakers includes House Speaker Brad Wilson, Sen. John Johnson and Rep. Phil Lyman.
The commodities giant Glencore will pay $1.1 billion to settle bribery and price-fixing charges. | U.S. prosecutors said the settlement followed “a multiyear scheme to manipulate benchmarks used to set prices for oil at two of our country’s busiest ports.”
Kellyanne Conway: Yes. Trump lost
16 Senators Push FTC: What Are You Doing to Protect Location Data of Women Seeking Abortions?
3 charged in campaign finance scheme in 2020 Florida state Senate race
Appeals court rejects most of Florida’s social media censorship law
California lawmakers take on Texas by blocking 'heartbeat' abortion laws
Progressives show strength in primaries and predict more wins ahead
FBI doing an internal review of possible misconduct in Trump-Russia probe
Solar tariffs were supposed to save the US solar industry. Did they work?
From Sandy Hook to Buffalo and Uvalde: Ten years of failure on gun control – Biden has played a central role in the unsuccessful efforts to enact significant firearms legislation amid thousands of mass shootings, including another this week at a Texas elementary school.
Trevor Reed Slams Marjorie Taylor Greene for Delaying Russia Jail Release
Opinion: As Trump loses kingmaker status, he becomes more dangerous
Nancy Pelosi Reacts To Archbishop Denying Her Communion Over Her Abortion Stance
Biden to address nation on 'horrific' Texas school shooting
Delaware governor vetoes marijuana legalization bill, setting up historic showdown with legislature
Manchin calls for ‘common sense’ gun limits, resists filibuster reform
Republicans May Have Sabotaged Their Chance to Beat Whitmer
Bidens credibility on inflation, gas, economy is melting like an ice cube in the summer sun
House Republicans ask banks, Treasury for information on Biden family finances
US to end Russia's ability to pay international investors
ExxonMobil must face AG Healey’s climate lawsuit, Massachusetts supreme court rules
Press: Is Merrick Garland working for Donald Trump?
Florida Republicans eye total ban on abortions
Biden is considering canceling some student debt. Here's why it might not be such a great idea
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton easily defeats George P. Bush in GOP primary runoff
Okla. lawmaker offers ‘tongue-in-cheek’ response to abortion bill: mandatory vasectomies
LGBTQ+ Asian American candidate in Texas attacked with racist ad
Clearer than ever that America must invest in the truth
Central Florida ‘ghost’ candidate, other figures tied to scandal charged
The Florida Recount Was Kindergarten Stuff Compared to This Inside-Outside Strategy
NC bill would ban LGBTQ issues from K-3 curriculum
NYC Mayor Eric Adams slams social media after Texas school shooting
Commission recommends 9 new names for Army bases that honor Confederates
Herschel Walker wins Georgia’s Republican Senate primary
US Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene wins GOP primary in Georgia
A California bill could allow parents to sue social-media companies for up to $25,000 if their children become addicted to the platforms
White House sidesteps question about police response to Texas school shooting
Democrats ask Google to protect abortion-patient privacy
'Perverse' Supreme Court Ruling 'Effectively Ensures That Innocent People Will Remain Imprisoned'
Mitt Romney received $0 from the NRA during his 2018 senate campaign, not millions
In Texas Pharmacies, a Chilling Side Effect of Abortion Bans Is Already Playing Out
“He Could Very Much Be the Joe Manchin of the House”: Jessica Cisneros’s Campaign Is a Test Case for Abortion Rights at the Ballot Box
Trump was paranoid about people throwing pies in his face, former ‘fixer’ Michael Cohen claims - 'It was always pies,’ the former Trump attorney reportedly tesified during a deposition
Jayapal Says Corporate-Friendly No Labels Shows 'True Colors' by Undermining Jan. 6 Investigation
Brian Kemp wins Georgia Republican governor's race primary, will face Stacey Abrams in November
Clarence and Ginni Thomas Are Telling Us Exactly How the 2024 Coup Will Go Down
In a rare move, Utah regulators will shut down Spanish Fork teen treatment center
Opinion: What people don't get about guns and the Constitution
House Ethics Committee investigating cryptocurrency and sex allegations against Madison Cawthorn
Southern Baptist leaders say they will release list of alleged sex abusers
'Ghost' candidate, 2 operatives face charges in Florida
Pelosi Hits Back at SF Archbishop Who Barred Her From Communion
Big Pharma Is Pressuring Joe Manchin to Oppose Drug Pricing Reforms
Abortion restrictions threaten care for pregnant patients, providers say
Jackson may have violated federal law by using campaign funds to pay for private dining club
DOJ's new policy requires officers to stop others from using excessive force
An Appeals Court Rejected Rep. Madison Cawthorn’s Take On A Post-Civil War Prohibition On Insurrectionists In Public Office
New people charged in expanding investigation into sham state Senate candidates
School Privatizers Are Leaning Hard Into the Culture Wars
Desperate Republican Tells Stacey Abrams ‘Go Back…Where You Came From’
DOJ requires officers to intervene if they see another use excessive force as part of broader reform effort
Starting July 1, Missouri inmate personal mail must be sent to Florida location
Courts stymie abortion bans in Iowa, other GOP-led states
Poll Shows 52% of Republicans Want Nominees to Show Loyalty to Trump
Europe’s Far Right Flocked to CPAC Hungary to Hear the Gospel of Trump
Gen Z voters support measures to rein in tech giants: poll
The Republican wave is building fast
Mark Esper’s Fascinating Revelations Would Have Been Far More So in Real Time: If he and John Bolton and Bill Barr and all the other “adults in the room” had spoken up when it mattered, history could be different.
Her tribal regalia was banned at graduation. So she worked to change the law
Delaware governor vetoes marijuana legalization bill
Want to Know What Politics Looks Like After Roe? Look at Texas’ Primary
Herschel Walker wins GOP Senate nod, will challenge Sen. Warnock
Commission unveils proposals to rename bases named after Confederate leaders
Why did it take the GOP so long to panic about Herschel Walker?
Analysis | Republicans are leaning on the courts to target social media, but losses are piling up
Biden Set to Issue Policing Order on Anniversary of Floyd Killing
Pelosi pushes back on archbishop who denies her Communion
Henry Cuellar Is the Perfect Symbol of What’s Wrong With the Democratic Party
3 face charges in '2020 campaign finance scheme,' say Florida investigators
Government Watchdogs Advocate for Transfer of Criminal Investigation of the Trump Organization to NY Attorney General
Chuck Schumer blocks school safety bill named after Parkland victims
How Texas officials and voting groups are trying to limit mail ballot rejections
Opinion | The looming humiliation of David Perdue will show Trumpism’s limits
Biden under pressure to declare climate emergency
Sussmann Trial Exposes Dems' Scandal-Industrial Process
Michigan governor candidates face elimination after alleged signature fraud
New names recommended for 3 Army bases in Virginia that mention Confederates
Mike Lee, Becky Edwards and Ally Isom to debate on June 2 — but the Utah GOP will host the fray. Utah Rep. Blake Moore is the only Republican incumbent to commit to participating in a primary debate hosted by the Utah Debate Commission.
Justice Dept. Orders Agents to Intervene if They See Police Violence
‘Put people in jail’: Former Fox reporter calls for arrests over right-wing’s great replacement theory
Biden approval rating at lowest point in Reuters-Ipsos polling
Perdue closes primary run with racist attack on Stacey Abrams
Seven years later, still no trial for Texas AG Ken Paxton
Senate Confirms Stephanie Dawkins Davis to Sixth Circuit
Trump-endorsed candidates are not following his playbook, which is claiming election fraud when they lose
Backing Trump foe, Pence asks Republicans to focus on the future
Search for Supreme Court leaker falls to former Army colonel
Schumer blocks Senate GOP school safety bill, angering Republicans
McCormick sues over counting mail ballots in Pa. Senate race
Union Victory Images Emerge Amid Trump Call for New Civil War
Beto O'Rourke's Actions After Texas Shooting Could Cost Him Governor Race
Greene's divisive politics face test in Republican primary
Advanced Voting Methods can Save our Elections
Bill Clinton: Biden cares ‘more about the people than the polls’
McCormick files lawsuit to have undated ballots counted in Pennsylvania Senate race
Cawthorn under House probe for possible fraud, improper relationship
Trump fundraiser Barrack pleads not guilty to new charges in UAE lobbying case
40% of Republicans believe teachers can influence children’s sexual orientation or gender
The Crypto Kings Are Making Big Political Donations. What Could Go Wrong?
American Conservatism Just Threw a Party for Hungarian Fascism
Leading GOP Candidates For Michigan Guv Could Be Disqualified Over Wave of Fraudulent Signatures
GOP intervenes in 11th-hour Pa. Senate race ballot lawsuit
Trump’s ‘Civil War’ Rhetoric Is a Growing Belief On Far Right
Why Republicans Love the Land of ‘Illiberal Democracy’
Despite Indiana governor's veto of banning transgender girls in school sports, it will be law
Marjorie Taylor Greene Can't Figure Out Why People Are Picking On Murderous White Supremacists. “White supremacy shouldn’t be the main target,” said Greene, instead urging panic over the "invasion" at the border.
NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist National Poll: Abortion Rights, May, 2022. Nearly Two in Three Americans Oppose Overturning Roe v. Wade… Nearly Half of Americans More Likely to Vote in November Due to Potential SCOTUS Abortion Decision
White House to issue policing order on anniversary of Floyd’s death
Maryland Man Who Was ‘Front and Center’ Attacking Police on Jan. 6 Gets Years Behind Bars
The profound impact of giving American families a little more cash - Six months of payments lifted millions of children out of poverty. Then they stopped.
Democrats in swing states focus on expiring ACA subsidies
San Francisco mayor won’t march in Pride parade due to uniform ban
The Secret Service spent nearly $2 million at Trump properties
Insurrectionist Doug Mastriano Should Be Barred From the Pennsylvania Ballot
Trump sparked a GOP war in Georgia. Some aren’t ready to forgive and forget.
America’s billionaire class is funding anti-democratic forces | Robert Reich
Democrats set to blow through key date for moving Biden’s agenda
Capitol attack panel to hold six public hearings as it aims to show how Trump broke law
Juan Williams: The Supreme Court is on the brink of disaster
Mo Brooks says ‘I haven’t been served anything’ by Jan. 6 committee
Florida Student's Graduation Speech About Curly Hair Highlights Cruelty of 'Don't Say Gay' Law
Trump "chickenhawks" wouldn't last in his civil war, Kinzinger says
One Democrat in the House doesn't support abortion rights. He faces a progressive challenger Tuesday.
US lacks full picture of ransomware attacks, Senate panel finds
An off-script Biden works to bury Trump's legacy in Asia
Jared Kushner's Middle East Peace Plan Involves Nations Giving Him Billions of Dollars
Arizona, West Virginia Residents Risk Arrest to Demand End to Filibuster
David Perdue caps his campaign for Georgia governor with a racist remark against Stacey Abrams and a Trump tele-rally
U.S. Senate candidate sues over mail-in ballots in Pennsylvania midterms primary
More LGBTQ candidates hit the campaign trail, despite efforts to limit their rights
Five secretary of state races to watch, starting Tuesday
Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger: Ukraine should give up land to Russia to reach peace agreement
Biden's public approval falls to 36%, lowest of his presidency -Reuters/Ipsos
Secret Service spent $1.75m at Trump-owned properties, watchdog says - Mr Trump charges the agency $396.15 per day to rent a room at the Mar-a-Lago club, where he has lived since leaving office in 2021
Select committee effort to obtain RNC files faces appeals court test
Our Maps Shouldn’t Lie About Our Votes
He Was the King of SPAM. Now He Wants to Be a Congressman. There’s Just One Catch.
Southern Baptists face push for public list of sex abusers
US Department of Labor announces availability of $10.5M in state grant funding to support mine safety, health training, education
When Jeff Bezos Tweets, He Wants His Journalists and Joe Biden to Listen: The world’s second-richest man is using social media to push back against any hint that corporate greed is stoking inflation — and to send a message about his news preferences in the Washington Post, the paper he owns.
Prosecuting Trump for the Insurrection: The Well-Founded Case for Optimism
Don’t believe those who say ending Roe v Wade will leave society largely intact
Republicans introduce “Women’s Bill of Rights” that includes only one right for women
Judges block Florida law that says Facebook and Twitter can’t ban politicians
Protesters Call On Manchin To End Filibuster
Biden outlines economic framework for US, Asian nations
US Supreme Court agrees with Arizona on death penalty cases, a blow to prisoners trying to prove innocence
Newsom says California needs urgent, aggressive water conservation amid drought
Minnesota Legislature adjourns 2022 regular session without passing tax cut, spending bills
Redrawn Arizona congressional map drains Native American voting power
Progressives Look to Texas to Continue Their 2022 Hot Streak
New Justice Dept. policy says agents must intervene if they see abuse | Memo from Attorney General Merrick Garland is the first such policy update in 18 years.
Madison Cawthorn is under a House Ethics Committee investigation
Sex abuse suits pouring in as state’s Catholic leaders seek relief from highest court | California has twice extended the statute of limitations on child sex abuse claims, prompting nine state bishops to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to declare the law unconstitutional.
California parents could soon sue for social media addiction - ABC News
Trade Representative Katherine Tai talks being tough on China, without the racist rhetoric
Appeals court: Florida law on social media unconstitutional
